Data type DB Identifier info (#281)
cossacklabs/product-docs: content/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-server/encryptor-config.md

        # [optional] [conflicts_with=token_type|tokenized|consistent_tokenization] 
        data_type: "<str|bytes|int32|int64>"
        

>         # [optional] [conflicts_with=token_type|tokenized|consistent_tokenization] 

Reviewer: is it conflicting with `data_type` too?

Author: Yes, good catch, thanks

| `int32`   | [integer](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/datatype-numeric.html) (oid=23)                                                             | [MYSQL_TYPE_LONG](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/dev/mysql-server/latest/namespaceclassic__protocol_1_1field__type.html) (0x03)     |
| `int64`   | [bigint](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/datatype-numeric.html) (oid=20)                                                              | [MYSQL_TYPE_LONGLONG](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/dev/mysql-server/latest/namespaceclassic__protocol_1_1field__type.html) (0x08) |
| `bytes`   | [bytea](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/datatype-binary.html) (oid=17)                                                                | [MYSQL_TYPE_BLOB](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/dev/mysql-server/latest/namespaceclassic__protocol_1_1field__type.html) (0xfc)     |

#### **data_type_db_identifier**

Required: `false`

Type: `uint32`

Values: `supported DB type identifiers`

> Group: `encryption`, `searchable encryption`, `masking` ( `interger` IDs not supported for masking)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group: `encryption`, `searchable encryption`, `masking` ( `integer` IDs not supported for masking)
```

> Description: configures how AcraServer will replace the real type of data stored in the database with application's type. Due to
> storing data as blobs, AcraServer allows change type on DB protocol level. After that binary data will look like
> Text/Integer/Binary data types for application. **data_type_db_identifier** and **data_type** are interchangeable options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: configures how AcraServer will replace the real type of data stored in the database with application's type. Encrypted fields are stored as blobs (binary data), but application doesn't want to work with blobs, it wants to work with integer or strings. 

AcraServer allows changing data type on the database protocol level. AcraServer will encode decrypted data to a type suitable for the application: Text, Integer, Binary, etc.

**data_type_db_identifier** and **data_type** are interchangeable options.
```
